Readme.md, before:

# 11/18/21 UPDATE TO COMBINE EGS AND STEAM POINTERS.
This update should allow users to no longer need to download separate pointers/offsets when using Epic vs. Steam.  ModronGUI.ahk has been updated slightly so a full download is recommended.
# 11/2/21 UPDATE INCLUDES TWO NEW FILES: IC_ArrayFunctions.AHK & IC_GameManagerClass.AHK

### Warning:
This script reads system memory. I do not know CNE's stance on reading system memory used by the game, so use at your own risk. Pointers may break on any given update and I may no longer decide to update them.

# Instructions for ModronGUI.AHK:
1. Read and familiarize yourself with all topics covered in Maviin's FAQ: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ek-66HsOT3VABWdBNh-5iMOSd7UP5ssTRjgS4xkO1To/edit#
2. Download and install AutoHotkey: https://www.autohotkey.com/
3. Download `ModronGUI.AHK`, `IC_MemoryFunctions.AHK`, `IC_ArrayFunctions.AHK`, `IC_GameManagerClass.AHK`, `IC_ServerCallFunctions.AHK`, `json.AHK`, and `classMemory.AHK` to the same folder.
    * Occasionally, I may upload different versions of IC_MemoryFunctions.AHK for different versions of IC. Any Memory Function file with `_v###` has not been tested with the script by me and only tested for accurate memory reads. The file will need to be renamed, deleting the `_v###` portion.
4. Scan all downloaded files with trusted antivirus software.
5. Right click ModronGUI.AHK and select run script.
6. Read and follow the instructions on the **'Read First'** tab.
7. In the in game settings, uncheck **'Disable F1-F12 Leveling'** and if using seat 12 champion then make sure to change Steam's settings for screenshots.

## Recommended Additional Steps:
Review AutoHotkey tutorials and documentation.

## Notes:
1. Script requires Briv and Modron Automation.
2. This script is for the Steam PC version of the game. For the EGS PC version of the game: https://github.com/CantRowOfficial/Idle-Champions-EGS

# Settings Documentation:

## Seats to level with Fkeys:
Check the boxes for each seat you want the script to level up with Fkey inputs.

## Use Fkey leveling while below this zone:
Once the script reads that it has passed the zone number entered here, it will no longer attempt to level up champions with Fkey inputs. The value input here should generally be a number comfortably above the zone you would soft cap at. If you are unsure, using 999 will continue to input fkeys your entire run.

## Farm SB stacks AFTER this zone:
The script will attempt to farm Steelbones stacks once it reads that it has passed the zone number entered here. At a minimum, this zone should be high enough that the "W" formation does not kill anything. At a maximum, this zone should be 5 zones below the Modron reset zone for single skip, 7 zones below for double skip, 9 zones below for triple skip, and 11 zones below for quadruple skip.

## Minimum zone Briv can farm SB Stacks on:
This is the minimum zone number that your "W" formation can farm Steelbones stacks. This is only used when 'Enable manual resets to recover from failed Briv Stacking' is checked.

## Target Haste stacks for next run:
When farming Steelbones stacks, the script will attempt to farm enough to have this amount of Haste stacks for the next run. You will have to calculate how many Haste stacks you need to complete your gem farm runs. This site provides an excellent stack calculator: https://ic.byteglow.com/speed

## Maximum time (ms) script will spend farming SB stacks:
When the script is set to farm Steelbones stacks online it will do so until enough stacks are farmed to satisfy the 'Target Haste stacks for next run' or this much time in milliseconds has passed, which ever happens first. Note the script may try and farm more stacks if this time passes and it has not satisfied the 'Target haste stacks for next run' setting.

## Maximum time (ms) script will wait for Dash (0 disables):
With a high enough ilvl Melf or Hew it can be faster to idle on zone one until Shandie's Dash ability activates. The script will attempt to detect this on its own, but if more than the amount of time passes input here (in milliseconds) then it will proceed. Note, the time here is modified based on the in game time scale multiplier when potions are used. Entering 0 (zero) will disable waiting on zone one until Shandie's Dash ability activates.

## Hew's ultimate key (0 disables):
The script will attempt to continously use Hew's ultimate by inputting this value to the game client. Entering 0 (zero) will disable this function. It is recommended that if you enable this function and use Havilar with Dembo summoned that you remove her from the "E" formation so as to not accidentally unsummon Dembo.

## Time (ms) client remains closed for Briv Restart Stack (0 disables):
After passing the zone set as part of 'Farm SB stacks AFTER this zone', the script will close the Idle Champions client for this amount of time, in milliseconds. With this value properly set, upon restarting the client an offline progress catch up mechanic will trigger and 5 minutes of time will be simulated, generally providing more stacks in less time when compared to stacking in game manually (by setting this value to 0). Recommended value range is 9000 to 15000. Longer durations do not provide more stacks, but too low of a duration may prevent the catch up mechanic from triggering resulting in few or no stacks.

## Use ults 2-9 after initial champion leveling:
On zone one after waiting for Dash to activate or in the case of disabling Dash wait after completing zone one, the script will spend two seconds repeatedly inputing 2 through 9 to summon Dembo when this box is checked.

## Briv swap sleep time (ms):
If you see Briv's landing animation then this value should be made larger. If Briv is not being put back in the formation until after monsters spawn then this value should be made smaller. 2000 to 3000 is the typical range. This value may need to be tweaked again if you use different combinations of potions.

## Swap to 'e' formation when on boss zones:
This function will remove Briv when the script reads that it has landed on a boss zone. This is only recomended for high quadruple skip Briv's who can end up on boss zones.

## Uncheck if using a familiar on click damage:
When this box is checked, the script will input '\`' key to level up click damage, requiring one less familiar on gem runs.

## Enable manual resets to recover from failed Briv stacking:
When this box is checked, Briv has less than 50 Haste stacks, and the script reads a zone higher than 'Minimum zone Briv can farm SB stacks on' then the script will attempt to farm Steelbones stacks, manually end the adventure by inputting 'r' and then clicking complete (taking control of the mouse), close the game client, make a server call to load the adventure you started in, open the game client, and start a new run with enough Haste stacks for a standard run.

## Enable manual resets to recover from failed Briv stack conversion:
When this box is checked, on zone one the script will check if Briv Haste stack count is less than 'Target Haste stacks for next run' while the Steelbone stack count is greater than 'Target Haste stacks for next run', indicating that the Modron Reset did not convert the farmed Steelbones stacks to haste, a rare bug. When this scenario is true, the script will attempt to manually end the adventure by inputting 'r' and then clicking complete (taking control of the mouse), close the game client, make a server call to load the adventure you started in, open the game client, and start a new run with enough Haste stacks for a standard run.

## Have Script check for Modron reset Level:
In rare cases, Briv's combined Steelbone and Haste stack can fall below the 'Target Haste stacks for next run' immediately after what would be Briv's final jump before a Modron Reset, resulting in the script entering the Steelbones stack farming functions while the game client then immediately triggers a Modron reset. By knowing the Modron reset level, the script can avoid this scenario. For some users, the script cannot accurately read the Modron reset level and would require a message box input at the begining of each script start up, those users may want to consider unchecking this box.

## Change Install Path:
The script will attempt to restart the game client when it crashes, to farm Briv Steelbones stacks, and recover from various scenarios where stacks are not farmed or converted correctly, if those functions are enabled. The script will need to know the correct install path for the game client to do so.

### Chest buying and opening related settings documentation coming soon.

Commit message:

Sunset commit.
- Updated Readme.md

Readme.md, after:

# 01/14/22 END OF LIFE UPDATE.
The current version of ModronGUI is no longer being updated. IC Script Hub is being developed as the replacement to ModronGUI and will soon be replacing ModronGUI the near future. 
We encourage you to check it out (currently located at https://github.com/mikebaldi/Idle-Champions/tree/IC-Script-Hub-Public and soon to be located at https://github.com/mikebaldi/Idle-Champions/ ). 

# 11/18/21 UPDATE TO COMBINE EGS AND STEAM POINTERS.
This update should allow users to no longer need to download separate pointers/offsets when using Epic vs. Steam.  ModronGUI.ahk has been updated slightly so a full download is recommended.
# 11/2/21 UPDATE INCLUDES TWO NEW FILES: IC_ArrayFunctions.AHK & IC_GameManagerClass.AHK

### Warning:
This script reads system memory. I do not know CNE's stance on reading system memory used by the game, so use at your own risk. Pointers may break on any given update and I may no longer decide to update them.

# Instructions for ModronGUI.AHK:
1. Read and familiarize yourself with all topics covered in Maviin's FAQ: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ek-66HsOT3VABWdBNh-5iMOSd7UP5ssTRjgS4xkO1To/edit#
2. Download and install AutoHotkey: https://www.autohotkey.com/
3. Download `ModronGUI.AHK`, `IC_MemoryFunctions.AHK`, `IC_ArrayFunctions.AHK`, `IC_GameManagerClass.AHK`, `IC_ServerCallFunctions.AHK`, `json.AHK`, and `classMemory.AHK` to the same folder.
    * Occasionally, I may upload different versions of IC_MemoryFunctions.AHK for different versions of IC. Any Memory Function file with `_v###` has not been tested with the script by me and only tested for accurate memory reads. The file will need to be renamed, deleting the `_v###` portion.
4. Scan all downloaded files with trusted antivirus software.
5. Right click ModronGUI.AHK and select run script.
6. Read and follow the instructions on the **'Read First'** tab.
7. In the in game settings, uncheck **'Disable F1-F12 Leveling'** and if using seat 12 champion then make sure to change Steam's settings for screenshots.

## Recommended Additional Steps:
Review AutoHotkey tutorials and documentation.

## Notes:
1. Script requires Briv and Modron Automation.
2. This script is for the Steam PC version of the game. For the EGS PC version of the game: https://github.com/CantRowOfficial/Idle-Champions-EGS

# Settings Documentation:

## Seats to level with Fkeys:
Check the boxes for each seat you want the script to level up with Fkey inputs.

## Use Fkey leveling while below this zone:
Once the script reads that it has passed the zone number entered here, it will no longer attempt to level up champions with Fkey inputs. The value input here should generally be a number comfortably above the zone you would soft cap at. If you are unsure, using 999 will continue to input fkeys your entire run.

## Farm SB stacks AFTER this zone:
The script will attempt to farm Steelbones stacks once it reads that it has passed the zone number entered here. At a minimum, this zone should be high enough that the "W" formation does not kill anything. At a maximum, this zone should be 5 zones below the Modron reset zone for single skip, 7 zones below for double skip, 9 zones below for triple skip, and 11 zones below for quadruple skip.

## Minimum zone Briv can farm SB Stacks on:
This is the minimum zone number that your "W" formation can farm Steelbones stacks. This is only used when 'Enable manual resets to recover from failed Briv Stacking' is checked.

## Target Haste stacks for next run:
When farming Steelbones stacks, the script will attempt to farm enough to have this amount of Haste stacks for the next run. You will have to calculate how many Haste stacks you need to complete your gem farm runs. This site provides an excellent stack calculator: https://ic.byteglow.com/speed

## Maximum time (ms) script will spend farming SB stacks:
When the script is set to farm Steelbones stacks online it will do so until enough stacks are farmed to satisfy the 'Target Haste stacks for next run' or this much time in milliseconds has passed, which ever happens first. Note the script may try and farm more stacks if this time passes and it has not satisfied the 'Target haste stacks for next run' setting.

## Maximum time (ms) script will wait for Dash (0 disables):
With a high enough ilvl Melf or Hew it can be faster to idle on zone one until Shandie's Dash ability activates. The script will attempt to detect this on its own, but if more than the amount of time passes input here (in milliseconds) then it will proceed. Note, the time here is modified based on the in game time scale multiplier when potions are used. Entering 0 (zero) will disable waiting on zone one until Shandie's Dash ability activates.

## Hew's ultimate key (0 disables):
The script will attempt to continously use Hew's ultimate by inputting this value to the game client. Entering 0 (zero) will disable this function. It is recommended that if you enable this function and use Havilar with Dembo summoned that you remove her from the "E" formation so as to not accidentally unsummon Dembo.

## Time (ms) client remains closed for Briv Restart Stack (0 disables):
After passing the zone set as part of 'Farm SB stacks AFTER this zone', the script will close the Idle Champions client for this amount of time, in milliseconds. With this value properly set, upon restarting the client an offline progress catch up mechanic will trigger and 5 minutes of time will be simulated, generally providing more stacks in less time when compared to stacking in game manually (by setting this value to 0). Recommended value range is 9000 to 15000. Longer durations do not provide more stacks, but too low of a duration may prevent the catch up mechanic from triggering resulting in few or no stacks.

## Use ults 2-9 after initial champion leveling:
On zone one after waiting for Dash to activate or in the case of disabling Dash wait after completing zone one, the script will spend two seconds repeatedly inputing 2 through 9 to summon Dembo when this box is checked.

## Briv swap sleep time (ms):
If you see Briv's landing animation then this value should be made larger. If Briv is not being put back in the formation until after monsters spawn then this value should be made smaller. 2000 to 3000 is the typical range. This value may need to be tweaked again if you use different combinations of potions.

## Swap to 'e' formation when on boss zones:
This function will remove Briv when the script reads that it has landed on a boss zone. This is only recomended for high quadruple skip Briv's who can end up on boss zones.

## Uncheck if using a familiar on click damage:
When this box is checked, the script will input '\`' key to level up click damage, requiring one less familiar on gem runs.

## Enable manual resets to recover from failed Briv stacking:
When this box is checked, Briv has less than 50 Haste stacks, and the script reads a zone higher than 'Minimum zone Briv can farm SB stacks on' then the script will attempt to farm Steelbones stacks, manually end the adventure by inputting 'r' and then clicking complete (taking control of the mouse), close the game client, make a server call to load the adventure you started in, open the game client, and start a new run with enough Haste stacks for a standard run.

## Enable manual resets to recover from failed Briv stack conversion:
When this box is checked, on zone one the script will check if Briv Haste stack count is less than 'Target Haste stacks for next run' while the Steelbone stack count is greater than 'Target Haste stacks for next run', indicating that the Modron Reset did not convert the farmed Steelbones stacks to haste, a rare bug. When this scenario is true, the script will attempt to manually end the adventure by inputting 'r' and then clicking complete (taking control of the mouse), close the game client, make a server call to load the adventure you started in, open the game client, and start a new run with enough Haste stacks for a standard run.

## Have Script check for Modron reset Level:
In rare cases, Briv's combined Steelbone and Haste stack can fall below the 'Target Haste stacks for next run' immediately after what would be Briv's final jump before a Modron Reset, resulting in the script entering the Steelbones stack farming functions while the game client then immediately triggers a Modron reset. By knowing the Modron reset level, the script can avoid this scenario. For some users, the script cannot accurately read the Modron reset level and would require a message box input at the begining of each script start up, those users may want to consider unchecking this box.

## Change Install Path:
The script will attempt to restart the game client when it crashes, to farm Briv Steelbones stacks, and recover from various scenarios where stacks are not farmed or converted correctly, if those functions are enabled. The script will need to know the correct install path for the game client to do so.

### Chest buying and opening related settings documentation coming soon.
