docfiles/using-ic-script-hub-with-egs.md, before:

[< Return to the Readme](../Readme.md)

# Setting Idle Champions game location for EGS

## Overview

The scripts inside `IC Script Hub` need to know where your game is installed.

## Opening `IC Script Hub`

Navigate to the folder you cloned the repo into using Windows Explorer. 

You can press `Ctrl+Shift+F` from within GitHub Desktop if you used that to clone the repository.

Double-click on `ICScriptHub.ahk` in the explorer window that opens to launch `IC Script Hub`.

You should see the `IC Script Hub` window and it should look something like this:

![IC Script Hub window](../docimages/ic-script-hub.png)

You may need to [install or update AutoHotKey](https://www.autohotkey.com/) if you receive an error at this point.

## Setting the EGS game location
### Step 1: Grab the shortcut you need

1. Open the `EGS client`
2. Go to your `Library`
3. Click the three dots underneath the `Idle Champions` game entry in your `Library` and pick `Create a Shortcut`
4. Right click on the shortcut on your Desktop and pick `Properties`
5. Copy the contents of the Url box that appears

### Step 2: Populate the location in `IC Script Hub`

1. Return to your `IC Script Hub` window
2. Click the `Briv Gem Farm` tab
3. Click the `Change Game Location` button at the bottom of the `Briv Gem Farm` window
4. Paste the link copied from the `Idle Champions` shortcut into both boxes
5. Click `Save and Close`

## Now that's done, what can I do with this thing?

[Let's find out.](an-introduction-to-ic-script-hub.md)

Commit message:

Added info about how to
* Fix a missing Game location button
* Fix a missing Addons tab
* Reload the script

Reordered champions lists by slot.

docfiles/using-ic-script-hub-with-egs.md, after:

[< Return to the Readme](../Readme.md)

# Setting Idle Champions game location for EGS

## Overview

The scripts inside `IC Script Hub` need to know where your game is installed.

## Opening `IC Script Hub`

Navigate to the folder you cloned the repo into using Windows Explorer. 

You can press `Ctrl+Shift+F` from within GitHub Desktop if you used that to clone the repository.

Double-click on `ICScriptHub.ahk` in the explorer window that opens to launch `IC Script Hub`.

You should see the `IC Script Hub` window and it should look something like this:

![IC Script Hub window](../docimages/ic-script-hub.png)

You may need to [install or update AutoHotKey](https://www.autohotkey.com/) if you receive an error at this point.

## Setting the EGS game location
### Step 0: Make sure your addons are enabled

You'll want to make sure you have the game shortcut addon enabled. Click into the addons tab and ensure the addon highlighted by the green arrow is enabled and saved.

I recommend making sure the ones with the yellow arrow are also enabled too.

![Addons tab](../docimages/addons-tab.png)

If you don't even see the Addons tab, open the `AddonManagement.json` file in a text editor at location `\AddOns\IC_Addon_Management` and find the following block of code:

```
    "Addon Management":{
		"v0.1.":{
			"Enabled":0
		}
	},
```

change "Enabled":0 to "Enabled":1 and save the file.

Reload your Script Hub and you should now see the Addons tab:

![Reload button](../docimages/reload-script-hub.png)

### Step 1: Grab the shortcut you need

1. Open the `EGS client`
2. Go to your `Library`
3. Click the three dots underneath the `Idle Champions` game entry in your `Library` and pick `Create a Shortcut`
4. Right click on the shortcut on your Desktop and pick `Properties`
5. Copy the contents of the Url box that appears

### Step 2: Populate the location in `IC Script Hub`

1. Return to your `IC Script Hub` window
2. Click the `Briv Gem Farm` tab
3. Click the `Change Game Location` button at the bottom of the `Briv Gem Farm` window
4. Paste the link copied from the `Idle Champions` shortcut into both boxes
5. Click `Save and Close`

## Now that's done, what can I do with this thing?

[Let's find out.](an-introduction-to-ic-script-hub.md)
